---
permalink: /terms/
title: "Terms and Privacy Policy"
---

## Privacy Policy

Responsible party pursuant to data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is

NOKAFUT

### Your rights as the data subject

You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details of our data protection officer:

 * Information on your data stored by us and the processing thereof (Art. 15 GDPR),
 * Rectification of inaccurate personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),
 * Deletion of your data stored by us (Art. 17 GDPR),
 * Restriction of the data processing, provided that we may not delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),
 * Objection to the processing of your data with us (Art. 21 GDPR) and
 * Data portability, provide that you have consented to the data processing or have entered into a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR).

If you have given us consent, you may withdraw it at any time, which will remain in effect in the future.

You can contact a supervisory authority with a complaint at any time, e.g. the supervisory authority of the state of your residence or the authority that oversees us as the responsible party.

### Contact

##### Type and purpose of the processing

The data you enter are used for individual communication with you. A valid e-mail address and your name are required for this communication, which serves to organize your inquiry and the respective subsequent reply. Providing additional information is optional.

##### Legal basis

The processing of the data entered in the contact form occurs on the basis of a legitimate interest (Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR).

By providing the contact form, our aim is to facilitate an uncomplicated means for you to contact us. The information you enter will be used to process the inquiry and saved for possible follow-up questions.

If you contact us to request an offer, the processing of the information provided in the contact form will occur in order to implement pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) GDPR).

##### Recipients

Recipients of the data may be processors.

##### Retention period

The data will be deleted no later than 6 months after processing the inquiry.

Provided that we enter into a contract together, we will use the statutory retention periods in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and delete your data according to the respective stipulated deadlines.

##### Mandatory or required provision

The provision of your personal data is voluntary. However, we can only process your inquiry if you provide us with your name, e-mail address and the reason for your inquiry.

### Using Google Analytics

##### Type and purpose of the processing

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA (hereinafter: ‘Google’). Google Analytics uses so-called ‘cookies’, i.e. text files that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is typically transmitted to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. However, due to the activation of IP anonymisation on these websites, your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the U.S. and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, summarise reports on website activities and provide other services related to website and Internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transferred from your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be combined with other data from Google.

The data processing purposes are the website-use analysis and the summary of reports on activities on the website. Based on the use of the website and the Internet, other related services will be provided.

##### Legal basis

The processing of the data occurs on the basis of the user’s consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) GDPR).

##### Recipients

The recipient of the data is Google as the processor. For this, we have entered into the corresponding data-processing contract with Google.

##### Retention period

The deletion of the data occurs as soon as they are no longer necessary for our recording-keeping purposes.

##### Third country transfers

Google processes your data in the United States of America and is subject to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.

##### Mandatory or required provision

The provision of your personal data is voluntary, based solely on your consent. If you prevent access, this can lead to functional limitations on the website.

##### Revocation of consent

You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting in your browser software; however, please note that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website in their entirety. Furthermore, you can prevent the collected data generated by the cookie and the data related to your use of the website (including your IP address) being transmitted to Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: browser add-on to deactivate Google Analytics.

In addition, or as an alternative to the browser add-on, you can prevent tracking by Google Analytics on our web pages by clicking this link, which will install an opt-out cookie on your device. This will prevent data collection by Google Analytics for this website and for this browser in the future, as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser.

##### Profiling

With the assistance of the tracking tool Google Analytics, the browsing behaviour of the website visitors can be evaluated and their respective interests can be analysed. For this analysis, we create a pseudonymous user profile.

### Revision of our privacy policy

We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy so that it always complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the privacy policy, e.g. when introducing new services. Your next visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.

### Questions for the data protection officer
If you have any questions pertaining to data protection, please send us an e-mail or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization:

The privacy policy was created via the activeMind AG privacy policy generator (Version: #2018-09-24).
